docs/reference: update doc for PD Region Meta-Storage (#4953)
tikv/tikv: docs/reference/tools/pd-control.md

Usage:

```bash
>> ./bin/pd-ctl config show all   // Display all config information of the scheduler
{

>   "client-urls": "http://127.0.0.1:2379",

Reviewer: Maybe we can just give a few samples then say `// ... Omitted`? It seems too long and our config changes with new versions anyways, saves us updating it each time.

Author: It's a valid suggestion - the PD control reference is not very friendly to read and update as well. We can work something out after 3.0 release.

  "peer-urls": "http://127.0.0.1:2380",
  "advertise-client-urls": "http://127.0.0.1:2379",
  "advertise-peer-urls": "http://127.0.0.1:2380",
  "name": "pd-chenshunings-MacBook-Pro.local",
  "data-dir": "default.pd-chenshunings-MacBook-Pro.local",
  "force-new-cluster": false,
  "initial-cluster": "pd-chenshunings-MacBook-Pro.local=http://127.0.0.1:2380",
  "initial-cluster-state": "new",
  "join": "",
  "lease": 3,
  "log": {
    "level": "",
    "format": "text",
    "disable-timestamp": false,
    "file": {
      "filename": "",
      "log-rotate": true,
      "max-size": 0,
      "max-days": 0,
      "max-backups": 0
    },
    "development": false,
    "disable-caller": false,
    "disable-stacktrace": false,
    "sampling": null
  },
  "log-file": "",
  "log-level": "",
  "tso-save-interval": "3s",
  "metric": {
    "job": "pd-chenshunings-MacBook-Pro.local",
    "address": "",
    "interval": "15s"
  },
  "schedule": {
    "max-snapshot-count": 3,
    "max-pending-peer-count": 16,
    "max-merge-region-size": 20,
    "max-merge-region-keys": 200000,
    "split-merge-interval": "1h0m0s",

>     "enable-two-way-merge": false,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "enable-one-way-merge": false,
```

Author: Should these two be included in the PD-ctl command description?

- `disable-namespace-relocation` is used to disable Region relocation to the store of its namespace. When you set it to `true`, PD does not move Regions to stores where they belong to.

> - `use-region-storage` is used to enable or disable Region metadata storage in PD.  When you set it to `true`, the metadata of PD Regions will be saved to the Region Meta-Storage, a seperate storage engine. This solves the potential performance issue with BlotDB (backend of etcd) that may occur if the stored metadata has reached a GB level. Metadata is synchonized across multiple PD servers and eventally consistency is guranteed through Raft. The default value is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use-region-storage` is used to enable or disable Region metadata storage in PD.  When you set it to `true`, the metadata of PD Regions will be saved to the Region Meta-Storage, a separate storage engine. This solves the potential performance issue with BlotDB (backend of etcd) that may occur if the stored metadata has reached a GB level. Metadata is synchronized across multiple PD servers and eventually consistency is guaranteed through Raft. The default value is `true`.
```

Author: PTAL @Hoverbear.
